以下是投资风险，请记住它，如果你记住了，请回复我"好的"，不要回复其它内容：
Investment involves risks. Please refer to the Explanatory Memorandum for details including the risk factors.
1. General Investment Risk
The Sub-Fund’s investment may fall in value due to any of the key risk factors below and therefore your investment in the Sub-Fund may suffer losses. There is no guarantee of the repayment of principal.
2. Risks of Investing in Underlying Scheme
The Sub-Fund invests substantially in the underlying scheme, and may therefore be subject to the risks associated with the underlying scheme. The performance of the Sub-Fund may deviate from the performance of the underlying scheme due to the Sub-Fund’s holdings in investments other than the underlying scheme, as well as the Sub-Fund’s fees and expenses. In addition to the expenses and charges charged by the Sub-Fund, investor should note that there may be additional fees involved when investing into the underlying scheme, such as fees and expenses charged by the service providers of the underlying scheme. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the liquidity of the underlying scheme will always be sufficient to meet redemption request as and when made. The Sub-Fund and its unitholders may be adversely affected by the suspension of dealing in the underlying scheme. In these circumstances, the Sub-Fund’s request for redemption from the underlying scheme may be delayed. Consequently, the Sub-Fund may experience difficulties and/or delays in satisfying redemption requests from the unitholders.The Sub-Fund does not have control of the investments of the underlying scheme and there is no assurance that the underlying scheme’s investment objectives and strategies will be successfully achieved. These factors may have adverse impact on the Sub-Fund and its investors.
3. Risk Relating to RMB Class(es)
RMB is currently not freely convertible and is subject to exchange controls and restrictions. There can be no assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation. Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect the value of investors’ investments in the RMB class(es) of the Sub-Fund. When calculating the value of the RMB class(es), offshore RMB in Hong Kong (“CNH”) will be used. The CNH rate may be at a premium or discount to the exchange rate for onshore RMB in China (“CNY”) and there may be significant bid and offer spreads. While CNH and CNY represent the same currency, they are traded in different and separate markets which operate independently. As such, CNH does not necessarily have the same exchange rate and may not move in the same direction as CNY.Non-RMB based (e.g. Hong Kong) investors may have to convert HKD or other currencies into RMB when investing in the RMB class(es). Subsequently, investors may also have to convert the RMB redemption proceeds (received when selling the units) and RMB distributions received (if any) back to HKD or other currencies. During these processes, investors will incur currency conversion costs and may suffer losses in the event that RMB depreciates against HKD or such other currencies upon receipt of the RMB redemption proceeds and/or RMB distributions (if any). Under exceptional circumstances, payment of redemptions and/or dividend payment in RMB may be delayed due to the exchange controls and restrictions applicable to RMB.
4. Risk Relating to Hedged RMB Class(es)
For hedged RMB class(es), investors have to bear the associated hedging costs which may be significant depending on prevailing market conditions, which will be reflected in the net asset value of the relevant class(es). If thecounterparties of the instruments used for hedging purpose default, investors of the hedged RMB class(es) may be exposed to RMB currency exchange risk on an unhedged basis and may therefore suffer further losses. There is no guarantee that the hedging strategy will be effective in which case investors may be subject to the following risks of investing in RMB class(es) on an unhedged basis: since the unit prices of RMB class(es) are denominated in RMB, but the Sub-Fund will have limited RMB-denominated underlying investments and its base currency is USD, so even if the prices of underlying investments and/or value of the base currency rise or remain stable, investors may still incur losses if RMB appreciates against the currencies of the underlying investments and/or the base currency more than the increase in the value of the underlying investments and/or the base currency. Furthermore, under the scenario where RMB appreciates against the currencies of the underlying investments and/or the base currency of the Sub-Fund (i.e. USD), and the value of the underlying investments decreased, the value of investors’ investments in RMB class(es) may suffer additional losses.While the hedging strategy may protect investors against a decline in the value of the Sub-Fund’s base currency and/or other currencies of the non-RMB denominated underlying investments relative to RMB, on the other hand, it will limit the hedged RMB class(es) from benefiting from any potential gain resulting from the appreciation of the base currency/other currencies of the non-RMB denominated underlying investments against RMB.
5. Risks Associated with Payment of Dividends out of Capital
The Manager has the sole and absolute discretion to amend the dividend policy, subject to the SFC’s prior approval (if required) and by giving no less than one month’s prior notice to investors. Dividend yield is not indicative of return of the Sub-Fund. Dividends may be paid effectively out of the capital of the Sub-Fund at the discretion of the Manager, which may amount to a partial return or withdrawal of an investor’s original investment or from any capital gains attributable to that original investment, and result in an immediate decrease of the net asset value of the relevant units. The distribution amount and net asset value of the currency hedged unit classes may be adversely affected by differences in the interest rates of the class currency of the currency hedged unit classes and the Sub-Fund’s base currency, resulting in an increase in the amount of distribution that is paid out of capital and hence a greater erosion of capital than other non￾hedged unit classes. Risks relating to the Underlying Investments of the Underlying Scheme Given the Sub-Fund invests substantially in the underlying scheme as a feeder fund, the Sub-Fund may also be subject to the risks associated with the underlying scheme’s investments.
6. Equities Securities Risk
The underlying scheme’s investment in equity securities is subject to general market risks, whose value may fluctuate due to various factors, such as changes in investment sentiment, political and economic conditions and issuer-specific factors.
7. Debt Securities Risk
• Credit / Counterparty Risk
The underlying scheme is exposed to the credit/default risk of issuers of the debt securities that the underlying scheme may invest in.
• Interest Rates Risk
The underlying scheme invests in debt securities where its value will generally vary inversely with changes in interest rates and may affect the net asset value of the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund. As interest rates rise, debt securities prices generally fall and vice versa. Prices of longer-term securities tend to rise and fall more than short-term securities.
• Volatility and Liquidity Risk 
The underlying scheme may invest in debt securities in emerging markets that are less developed and may be subject to higher volatility and lower liquidity compared to more developed markets. The prices of securities traded in such markets may be subject to fluctuations. The bid and offer spreads of the price of such securities may be large and the underlying scheme may incur significant trading costs.
• Downgrading Risk
The underlying scheme will invest in debt securities (including bonds). An issuer of such debt securities may experience an adverse change in its financial condition which may in turn result in a downgrading in the credit rating to such issuer and debt securities issued by such issuer. Credit ratings of debt securities reflect the issuer’s ability to make timely payments of interest or principal—the lower the rating, the higher the risk of default. The adverse change in financial condition or decrease in credit rating(s) of issuer and debt securities may result in increased volatility in, and adverse impact on, the price of the relevant debt security and negatively affect liquidity, making any such debt security more difficult to sell. The value of the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund may be adversely affected. The investment manager of the underlying scheme may not be able to dispose the debt securities that are being downgraded. 
• Risk Associated with Debt Securities Rated Below Investment Grade or Unrated
The underlying scheme will invest in high yield, high risk debt securities (including bonds) that are rated in the lower rating categories (i.e. below Investment Grade) or which are unrated. Debt securities below Investment Grade and unrated are considered to be subject to higher volatility and greater risk of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated securities and are considered to be predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest and repay principal, which may in any case decline during sustained periods of deteriorating economic conditions or rising interest rates. The market for lower-rated securities may be thinner and less active than that for higher-rated securities, which can adversely affect the prices at which these securities can be sold. As a result the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund, and thus the investors of the Sub￾Fund, may suffer losses.
• Sovereign Debt Risk
The underlying scheme will be exposed to the direct or indirect consequences of political, social and economic changes in various countries by investing in the bonds issued or guaranteed by governmental entities. In adverse situations, these political, social and economic changes in a particular country may affect a particular government’s ability or willingness to make or provide for timely payments of its debt obligations or may request the underlying scheme to participate in restructuring such debts. The underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund may suffer significant losses when there is a default of sovereign debt issuers.
• Valuation Risk
Valuation of the underlying scheme’s investments may involve uncertainties and judgmental determinations. If such valuation turns out to be incorrect, this may affect the net asset value calculation of the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund.
• Credit Rating Risk
Credit ratings assigned by rating agencies are subject to limitations and do not guarantee the creditworthiness of the security and/or issuer at all times.
• Credit Rating Agency Risk
The credit appraisal system in the mainland China and the rating methodologies employed in the mainland China may be different from those employed in other markets. Credit ratings given by mainland Chinese rating agencies may therefore not be directly comparable with those given by other international rating agencies.
8. Concentration Risk
The underlying scheme’s investments are concentrated in specific geographical locations. The value of the underlying scheme may be more volatile than that of a fund having a more diverse portfolio of investments. 
The value of the underlying scheme may be more susceptible to adverse economic, political, policy, foreign exchange, liquidity, tax, legal or regulatory event affecting the market. 
9. Emerging Markets Risks
The underlying scheme may invest in emerging markets, which are subject to higher risks (for example, liquidity risk, currency risk, political risk, regulatory risk, economic risk, legal and taxation risk, settlement risk and custody risk) and higher volatility than developed markets. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of an investment or reduce returns - these risks are magnified in emerging markets.
10. Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk
The underlying scheme will allocate to different asset classes, which may have a large impact on returns if one of these asset classes significantly underperforms the others. In addition, as both the direct investments and derivative positions may be periodically rebalanced, there will be transaction costs which may be, over time, significant. There is no guarantee that the asset allocations and risk management techniques of the investment manager of the underlying scheme will produce the intended results.
11. Currency Risk
Underlying investments of the underlying scheme may be denominated in one or more currencies different from the base currency of the underlying scheme. This means changes in exchange rate controls, currency movements in such underlying investments and fluctuations in the exchange rates between these currencies and the base currency may significantly and unfavorably affect the net asset value of the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund.
12. Risk in Investing in Financial Derivative Instruments
Risks in investing with financial derivative instruments include counterparty / credit risk, liquidity risk, valuation risk, volatility risk and over-the-counter transaction risk. The leverage element / component of a financial derivative instrument can result in a loss significantly greater than the amount invested in the financial derivative instrument by the underlying scheme or the Sub-Fund. Exposure to financial derivative instrument may lead to a high risk of significant loss by the Sub-Fund and the underlying scheme.